Module01/Readme.md, before:

# Module 1: Hello World

## Learning Objectives:

- Setup Github
 - Create user account
 - Signup for the correct Git Classroom
 - CHnGE this LINE through GtHub to fx typoz
   - Commit directly to the `master` branch
- Installing and setting up your Python Environment
 - Python 3
 - PyCharm Editor
 
## Assignment (due 6/26/19)

1. Complete the Hello World assignment from PJS.
   
   - Complete the `hello_world.py` program described in Module 01 of the [Python Jump Start Course](https://github.com/biomed-bioinformatics-bootcamp/python-jumpstart-course-demos/tree/master/apps/01_hello_world). 
   - Upload a screenshot of the running Hello World program to BBLearn for your "Assignemnt".

## Rubric

### PJS Grade:

|  Rubric        | Score | 
|----------------|-------|
| Working Code   |  -/10  |
| PEP8 Compliant |  -/10  |
| Comments       |  -/10  |
| Screenshot     |  -/10  |
| On Time        |  -/10  |

### Github Typo Correction:

|  Rubric                 | Score  | 
|-------------------------|--------|
| Typos Fixed             |  -/25  |
| Commit message provided |  -/25  |

*Final Grade: -/100*

## Resources Used

- A walkthrough of editing files directly on Github. https://help.github.com/en/articles/editing-files-in-your-repository
- A cheatsheet that shows basic Markdown syntax https://github.com/adam-p/markdown-here/wiki/Markdown-Cheatsheet
- Another markdown cheatsheet https://guides.github.com/features/mastering-markdown/

Commit message:

Asking user to adjust credits

Module01/Readme.md, after:

# Module 1: Hello World

## Learning Objectives:

- Setup Github
 - Create user account
 - Signup for the correct Git Classroom
 - Add your name and github handle to the credits section of the main Readme
 - CHnGE this LINE through GtHub to fx typoz
   - Commit directly to the `master` branch   
- Installing and setting up your Python Environment
 - Python 3
 - PyCharm Editor
 
## Assignment (due 6/26/19)

1. Complete the Hello World assignment from PJS.
   
   - Complete the `hello_world.py` program described in Module 01 of the [Python Jump Start Course](https://github.com/biomed-bioinformatics-bootcamp/python-jumpstart-course-demos/tree/master/apps/01_hello_world). 
   - Upload a screenshot of the running Hello World program to BBLearn for your "Assignemnt".

## Rubric

### PJS Grade:

|  Rubric        | Score | 
|----------------|-------|
| Working Code   |  -/10  |
| PEP8 Compliant |  -/10  |
| Comments       |  -/10  |
| Screenshot     |  -/10  |
| On Time        |  -/10  |

### Github Typo Correction:

|  Rubric                 | Score  | 
|-------------------------|--------|
| Typos Fixed             | -/12.5 |
| Name Added              | -/12.5 |
| Commit message provided |  -/25  |

*Final Grade: -/100*

## Resources Used

- A walkthrough of editing files directly on Github. https://help.github.com/en/articles/editing-files-in-your-repository
- A cheatsheet that shows basic Markdown syntax https://github.com/adam-p/markdown-here/wiki/Markdown-Cheatsheet
- Another markdown cheatsheet https://guides.github.com/features/mastering-markdown/
